 Sillybox service
 ----------------

 Your engineers need computing power - lots of it! If you listened to them,
 you'd have to buy each of them a new machine every month! I asked if they
 can enrich uranium with them, but they said the rotating things inside are
 just to keep them cool - what a stupid waste, a ton of money to buy useless
 fans.

 But you are smart, you attached a fan to each of your centrifuges - boom, now
 they have to enrich more uranium if they want the fans to work! Genius!

 There is just a little problem, now you have to run everything on top of your
 centrifuges. But these engineers are so stupid! You are right, you can't
 trust them. And you did the right thing, calling me at SillyEngineers Inc.!


 So here is the security solution you asked me to build:

    - Your engineers connect to sillybox_spawner and send their precompiled
      programs to do whatever they need.
      Packet format: password len byte | password | raw binary code

    - I limit what they can do in a single program. No time and network
      hogging! And no stupid tricks. Want more time? Send more programs.
      I wrote a time enforcer in sillybox_timekiller.

    - But they said they need long computations! So annoying. But fine, I made
      it so they can store temporary results and load them later. Apparently
      this is important, otherwise your operation stops. And that's bad.
    - But no copying from others! Everyone must send a password, and I made it
      so you can read files only if you know the password.

    - They also said they need to use system resources normally, so I left
      them almost free. As long as they are not using tricks to steal data or
      increase their allotted running time, you should not try to limit them
      too much: let them do their job if they are benign, otherwise you risk
      problems! Also, don't take out the standard libc stuff, engineers can
      use it if they wish - but figuring out how to use it from their raw code
      is their problem, not yours :)

    - File I/O that is not password-protected must definitely be prohibited,
      like all limit-escaping tricks.


 It's a perfect system, right?

 Even if your enemies run programs on your system, they cannot copy!
 I bet you could even be the new Amazon cloud and no one will steal your data!

 Signed:
 Me, an engineer that never makes mistake, like never ever, like if I did you
 could destroy an uranium enrichment plant sitting in an armchair at home, and
 seriously, that's like, impossible, right?
